hi guys does oh here and in this video
I'm going to be showing you guys the
grotty turismo are you can get to
business update on the dashboard by
downloading it there go into game
details and you can get it early so
basically this is one of the new cars
and it's really cool to kind of replace
it is like the cheetah that's actually
what I'm going to be replacing it with
on GTA online because my garage is
pretty much full all right now I only
have it in single player because you
can't get this online but everything is
going to be the same for online so in
this video I basically just go to los
cielos customs and customize it and show
you guys all the features of it so if
you just watch the rest of this video
you'll be able to see all the
customization options it's a game play
up your driving it so if you enjoyed
this video or enjoy the information in
the video please leave a like other
video if you hear pleas subscribe for
more daily videos here for the magic
touch
it's
turn
it's under the sun
has come and gone just give me a chance
we can carry on
my choice is wrong
they went to my
really dead
stay in the small
Oh